okay so Apple announced their newly
updated 13-inch MacBook Pro and this is
a device that's been updated across the
board everything has just been refreshed
except for the screen it's still using a
13 inch screen but there's this weird
like misinformation or negativity around
the launch of this product particularly
about the CPU so I thought I'd make a
video just to clarify some things and
hopefully this will save you some money
if you're interested in picking up one
of the new MacBook Pros so the thing
that's controversial right now and I
woke up this morning people are tweeting
at me people are writing my old videos
like comments about this people are
upset visibly upset that Apple is using
old 8th gen CPUs in these new 20/20
MacBook Pros and it's like people are
like Dave how could they do this F Apple
this is the worst listen okay you're
upset but let me explain what's going on
here when you look at devices like a
13-inch MacBook Pro the difference
between an 8th gen Intel CPU and a 10th
gen Intel CPU if they'd use one in the
base model that MacBook Pro is very
small the only time you'd see a big
benefit going to that 10th gentian is if
you're doing stuff that's graphically
capable like if you're doing video
editing or playing games or anything
that's got graphical requirements yes
those new 10th densha's
will be better for it they claim like an
80% improvement based on my tests on
windows-based laptops it's like closer
to 50 maybe 60 percent real-world
improvement they are better but here's
the thing not everybody wants that stuff
not everybody wants extra GPU power for
their workflow so the fact that they're
using those older 8th gen chips in the
base model MacBook Pro is actually a
really good thing because you know what
else comes with those new 10th gen chips
a fattie price tag every Windows laptop
that ever viewed in the past like 6
months that use those new 10th times
they've been bumped up in price by like
150 maybe 200 bucks sometimes it is
something that Intel is doing it's not
Apple obviously or any manufacturer when
Intel raises the price of those new
chips that the cost of the product goes
up so every company that's been doing
this like the consumers get screwed
right we're just paying more for stuff
that we may not necessarily need the
fact that Apple is using those old 8th
gen chips that have slower GPUs but
still
very capable quad-core processors it's
actually a good thing because we don't
have to pay extra money like this stuff
is already really expensive from Apple
if your developer and all you're doing
is just like building on Xcode you just
want a good quad-core processor you
don't want that GPU you want to pay
extra for that GPU but they all have
these newly updated keyboards we've
talked about this forever
the magic keyboard in these new MacBooks
are so much more reliable and this marks
the end of the whole butterfly keyboard
era like this is it there's no more
butterfly switches in the entire Apple
laptop repertoire which is awesome now
they had to like in order to fit that
new keyboard in here they had to make it
a little bit thicker
I think it's 0.7 millimeters thicker
it's relatively insignificant it was
well worth it now if you do decide to go
with 1/10 genocide to upgrade from the
base model to the 10th gen stuff in
addition to that faster GPU you also
have access to faster and more RAM I can
get up to 32 gigs and it is low powered
ddr4 which the older stuff didn't have
access to in certain applications and
workflows that faster RAM can be useful
but most people it's not a significant
upgrade it is nice though it's still a
720p webcam and there's no Wi-Fi 6 on
any of the configurations of the 13-inch
MacBook Pro now if you're someone who's
looking at these new devices with the
interest of using it for video editing
because of that new GPU you like hey
maybe that might be a good fit for me
it's really dependent like the
performance is extremely dependent on a
V application they're using and B the
camera that you're using so I've tested
these GPUs with premiere and like it
really depends sometimes you're getting
good performance sometimes you're
getting very unimpressive performance so
you'll have to wait for my regular
review of the device to actually get
some better data but if your video
editor you want to wait for your
specific workflow to be tested before
you go in on it now compared to the
13-inch MacBook Air and this is a
question I feel like a lot of you guys
been asking like should I get that
13-inch MacBook Air or this new 13-inch
MacBook Pro they are quite different and
because the price tag you might be drawn
to the MacBook Air it is a lighter
machine ever-so-slightly and it's also
got a slightly longer battery life and
it's a little bit cheaper but it is not
built for processor intensive tasks like
the moment you push it
hard for an extended period of time it
chokes and the heirs have always done
that that really is the weakness of the
MacBook Air the pro is just more suited
for even moderately intensive tasks it
also has a brighter screen better
speakers but a large number of people
would already be really happy on the
MacBook Air and wouldn't need the extra
features on the pro now if you were
interested in that upcoming rumored 14
inch device who knows when it's gonna
come out maybe it's gonna be for like an
ARM based MacBook maybe it's gonna be
for an AMD based MacBook which would be
awesome who knows but it's not this one
so we just have to keep waiting I'm just
gonna throw one last thing out there if
you were considering like a high respect
13-inch MacBook Pro one of these new
ones I'm just want to push the idea out
of a 16 inch MacBook Pro like those are
just way more capable but because those
things are in the refurbished store now
like they're available for a significant
discount it may be worth it they just
test out the configurations see if you
can get a 16 inch device for not too
much more than a high SPECT 13 inch
MacBook Pro because it's just a way more
capable system if you're willing to
carry something that's bigger and
heavier and has a shorter battery life
okay I think that wraps us up
hope you guys are informed of what's
going on with Intel and Apple but I hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs we
liked it subs if you loved it I will see
you guys next time
[Music]